Move KZG commitments to the bid (#4875)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/gloas/p2p-interface.md

#### Modified `DataColumnSidecar`

*Note*: The `signed_block_header`, `kzg_commitments`, and
`kzg_commitments_inclusion_proof` fields have been removed from
`DataColumnSidecar` in Gloas as header and inclusion proof verifications are no

> longer required in EIP-7732. The KZG commitments are now located at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
longer required in Gloas. The KZG commitments are now located at
```
It reads a bit off to use a specific EIP here as it applies for a fork.

        return False

>     # A sidecar for zero blobs is invalid

Reviewer 2: Nevermind, I take that back. Since we're checking this in the bid, this check is no longer necessary since `kzg_commitments` is guaranteed to be within the limit. And the "column length must be equal to the number of commitments/proofs" check below will enforce the same for columns/proofs.

<img width="785" height="608" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e53a858c-2863-4775-884b-b98508ba516e" />

The following validations MUST pass before forwarding the
`sidecar: DataColumnSidecar` on the network:

**Modified from Fulu:** Let `block` be the beacon block with block root equal to
`sidecar.beacon_block_root`.

- _[REJECT]_ The sidecar is valid as verified by
  `verify_data_column_sidecar(sidecar, block.body.signed_execution_payload_bid.kzg_commitments)`.
- _[REJECT]_ The sidecar's column data is valid as verified by

>   `verify_data_column_sidecar_kzg_proofs(sidecar, block.body.signed_execution_payload_bid.kzg_commitments)`.

Reviewer 3: Should this be `signed_execution_payload_bid.message.blob_kzg_commitments` ?

ie `.message` and `blob_kzg_commitments`
